(pagnabros's trickster) combat_feats.md (#130)
Leafwing-Studios/fonts-of-power: docs/src/character-options/classes/trickster/combat_feats.md

## Seize Weakness

> **Effect:** You have mastered thhttps://github.com/pagnabros/fonts-of-powere ability to take advantage of enemies that exposes themselves or are temporarily weakened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Effect:** You have mastered the ability to take advantage of enemies that exposes themselves or are temporarily weakened.
```
Showing off how suggestions work :)
